okay guys this is mr. r in canarsie here
and just got back from hobby town and i
bought many new hearts bought another
set of wheels and tires these are for my
3.3 because when I made that Chevrolet
commercial with Mighty Max right at the
end one of the tires blew up which stuff
because those towers were only like two
days old when that happened so I got
those and provide a lot spare parts
bulkheads recently have been breaking
those so I'm prepared now I got some
extra bowl kids extra skid plates extra
center drive shafts some body clips
they're usually a progressive rate
springs I've got one set on my 3.3 you
can see there and I've got the other one
is red so this will finish that truck
for the progressive right Springs I got
the body mount kit for my 2.5 t max so I
can mount the school bus body I by I've
got some are pmma arms they only had two
sets so I'll go back next week and get
two more set but I kind put these on the
truck until the stock ones break
whichever truck first 3.3 or the 2.5 I
bought a one-way bearing for the easy
start from my 3.3 because it only works
sometimes and for my 2.5 i bought a fuel
filter and this i'm just going to have
some extra fuel line laying around so
that's it and I'll get some videos of
these two trucks running pretty soon all
right here's my tutee max's at the body
mounts put on for my 2.5
it is now a school bus which is pretty
cool and I got my new tire glued on here
so it's ready to run I got my new
Springs put on and I put the black skid
plate on the front the black looks a lot
better with the white body then the gray
does so that's it thanks for watching
and please comment and subscribe
you